Many of the world’s great cities used to have different names. Tokyo, for example, used to be Edo, and Cambridge used to be Duroliponte in the time of the Romans. Three more cities that used to have several different names are Istanbul, Montréal and New York.
Istanbul is the oldest of the three. People probably began living there more than 3,000 years ago. At that time, they called it Lygos. Then it became known as Byzantium. A legend says that this name came from the name of a king called Byzas. After Byzantium, it had several names, including Augusta Antonina, New Rome and then Constantinople. This last name means ‘City of Constantine’, who was one of the emperors of Rome. In the twentieth century, Istanbul became its name.
Like Istanbul, Montréal has had several names. In the very earliest times, native Canadian people lived there in a place called Hochelaga. When the first people from France moved to the area, the land was dangerous so they built a small fort called Ville-Marie. At first, just 50 people lived there. As the city became bigger, people started to call it Mont-Royal, which means ‘Royal Mountain’. They used this name because the largest hill, also called Mont-Royal, was the city’s main landmark. Over the years, people began to write Montréal instead of Mont-Royal, and the modern name was born.
New York City has also had several names. The earliest people to live in the area were native Americans. They called the island where they lived aMannahatta. Then Dutch people came and founded a city there. They called the city New Amsterdam: as Amsterdam is Holland’s capital and largest city. Then British people took over the city and changed the name to New York. In 1673, the Dutch took back control of the city. They changed the name to ‘New Orange’. This name lasted only a brief time: by 1674, the British were back in charge, and the city became New York once again.
These three places are just some of the tens of thousands of cities that have changed their names. Perhaps the city where you grew up is another one?