READİNG ( 10 points)
Coincidences can happen to anyone at any time, but some people experience more coincidences than other people. One such person was Wilmer McLean from the USA, who lived from 1814 until 1882. In 1861, McLean was living on a farm in Manassas in the state of Virginia. At that time, people who lived in the north of the USA were fighting those who lived in the south. Unluckily for McLean, one battle happened at his farm. McLean and his family were okay, but the fighting damaged his house. So McLean decided to move another house. By 1865, the war between the north and south was almost finished. The two sides had a meeting and agreed to stop the fighting. Where did that happen? By coincidence, The Civil War finished in McLean’s new house!
Another person whose life had some big coincidences was Violet Jessop. She was born in Argentina, but her parents came from Ireland. When she grew up, Jessop got a job working on a ship called the Olympic. In 1911, this ship hit another ship and almost sank. Luckily, nobody was hurt. One year later, Jessop was working on a different ship called the Titanic. As everyone knows, this ship hit an iceberg and sank to the bottom of the ocean. Luckily, Jessop was one of about 700 people who were saved, but her problems were not over. In 1916, she was working on the Britannic. Unfortunately, something happened, and it began to sink, but again she was safe. Amazingly, Jessop continued working on ships until 1950.
Roy Sullivan also experienced coincidences. He worked in the USA in a national park. His job was to look after the park, the people who visited it and the animals that lived in the forests. In 1942, there was a storm and Sullivan was hit by lightning while he was working. He was hurt, but he did not die. Being hit by lightning once is very unlucky, but Sullivan was hit again in 1969, and then in 1970. Not surprisingly, people started to call him the ‘Human Lightning Rod’. He was not hit in 1971, but was hit again in 1972, 1973, 1976 and 1977. Each time he was hurt, but he did not die. To be hit so many times is definitely a coincidence, but the story of Roy Sullivan has one more coincidence. The park where he worked was near to Wilbur McLean’s farm and house.