
			READING PASSAGE 1


Our Climate Is Changing and It Is Going to Keep Changing
Climate Change
It's getting hotter. Our climate is changing, so you need to get used to it. It's changing because of what we humans do and the gases we have put into the atmosphere. We have already put so much gas into the atmosphere, the climate will keep changing for a long, long time. Some of the changes may be good (at least in the short term) and some may be bad. But change is coming.
We have known for 30 years that the atmosphere was changing. We knew because there was an increase in carbon dioxide (CO2), the gas we breathe out and the gas produced when we burn fossil fuels such as coal and gasoline. This is the same gas that is used by plants to make food. Before 1900 the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was 270 to 280 parts per million (ppm). Now it has grown to 394 parts per million.
At the same time that carbon dioxide was increasing, something else was happening. The world was becoming hotter. It is this link, this connection between an increase in carbon dioxide and an increase in temperature, that tells us that carbon dioxide is causing the warming. This evidence is proof that humans, in addition to nature, are causing climate change.
Not Just Hotter
Since the atmosphere is getting hotter, it is also getting more energetic. This means that in some places it will be windier, in some places wetter, in some places drier. In some places it may even be cooler. That's why we talk about "climate change" rather than "global warming." Although on average it will be warmer, it won't be warmer everywhere.
Can We Stop It?
No. We can slow it, but we can't stop it for a long, long time. We have already made the greenhouse gas emissions that will keep the atmosphere changing for decades to come. Even if we could stop the world's greenhouse gas emissions from growing, the temperature would keep growing as fast as it is growing now. If we could reduce emissions by 50 percent, the world would still keep getting hotter for a hundred years or more. But if we act soon, we can make sure the changes can be managed and kept to a minimum, and we can adapt to them.
The Greenhouse Gases
Our activities make gases that cause climate change; important gases are carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide. We call these gases "greenhouse gases" because they warm the atmosphere like a greenhouse keeps plants warm. Carbon dioxide is released when we burn fossil fuels like coal and gasoline. Carbon dioxide has a bigger effect than all the other gases put together. Consequently, it is very important to decrease carbon dioxide. All these gases—the ones we produce, and the water vapor in the atmosphere— warm the Earth because they let the sun's heat come in but stop some of the heat from escaping out to space.
The Bottom Line
The climate is changing and is going to keep changing. Almost every country wants to reduce its emissions. If all the countries of the world act, and act soon, the problems of climate change can be reduced.




				