 					PASSAGE 1


Great Jobs for the Twenty-first Century
Social Media Managers
At the start of the twenty- first century, there was no Facebook or Twitter. But companies today have to plan strategies for using social media to communicate with customers. They are seeking experts who understand the benefits of staying in touch.
Game Designers and
Developers
With the huge popularity of online games, this career attracts many and is not limited to entertainment. Improving technology can also be used in training, education, and therapy. Jobs in this field are available to artists as well as to experts in artificial intelligence.
Cybersecurity Officers
The role of a cybersecurity officer is to ensure the safety and privacy of personal information collected by institutions such as universities and banks. Both business and tech majors will enjoy making sure that hackers and thieves are stopped by finding out their methods.
Health Care Professionals
As more dentists retire, there will not be enough new dentists to replace them. And that means there will be many job opportunities for dental assistants to help with the extra work. There will also be a high demand for doctors and nurses.
Biomedical Engineers
As the science of biotechnology develops, more biomedical engineers will be needed. People are living longer, and this is partly due to biomedical engineering. A biomedical engineer applies the principles and design of engineering to medicine. The results so far have been in the fields of genetic engineering and brain mapping.
Physical and Occupational Therapists
When people break a bone or are injured, their lives are upset in many ways. Physical therapists can help heal the physical injury, and occupational therapists can train the patient to live a normal life again. These are jobs that will always be necessary.
Sustainability Directors
The goal of sustainability is to make sure that natural resources such as land and water will be available to future generations. As companies become more concerned about the natural environment, they will look to sustainability directors to help them reduce waste and pollution by finding more earth-friendly ways of producing and selling goods.
Asteroid Mining Engineers
In the twenty-first century, new technologies will be used to explore space and to find important resources, including metals and water. Asteroids, the small rocky planets located between Mars and Jupiter, have both. As entrepreneurs plan the mining of asteroid resources, there will be a need for mining engineers to make decisions and provide direction.
Astrophysicists
In the twenty-first century, the exploration of space will become more and more common and important. And in order to explore space, an understanding of the universe and its physical properties is necessary. Astrophysicists study the universe’s density, temperature, and chemical makeup and then analyze the data. With more countries—and private companies—investigating the universe, astrophysicists will be in demand.
