Variant 1
Read passage 1 and do the following tasks.    (30 points)  

Five unusual sports
Every country has a national sport, and most popular sports are now played across the world. Most people have heard of sports like football, basketball, baseball, and soccer. However, in most countries, people also play unusual sports with strange and interesting rules. Here are four top five unusual sports from around the world.
Coney Island Polar Bear Plunge
People go swimming in the Atlantic Ocean in the winter. They go swimming at the beach on Coney Island in New York City every Sunday from October to April and also on New Year’s Day. The water temperature can drop to as low as 32ºF (0ºC). Sometimes there is snow and cold wind, too. People believe that swimming in the cold water is good for their health. The club started in 1903.
Dragon Boat Racing
Every year in Singapore, thousands of people come to watch the dragon boat race. A dragon boat is a traditional Chinese boat with painted dragon’s head on the end. There are 22 people in each boat, and they race in the water. Dragon boat racing is also popular in China, Malaysia, and Indonesia. 
Caber Toss
In this sport, people compete by throwing a large piece of wood called a “caber” as far as they can. The caber toss is an ancient Scottish sport. The caber has no official size or shape, but it is usually the size of a small tree.
Fireball Soccer
Students in Indonesia play this game to welcome the month of Ramadan. It is similar to soccer. The ball is made from coconut shells. Before starting the game, players pour salt on themselves and then light the ball on fire. The ball is on fire throughout the game, and the players play with their bare feet.
Camel wrestling
In Turkey, camel wrestling is a very old sport. The largest camel wrestling competition takes place in Ephesus every year, thousands of people come to watch. In the sport, two male camels wrestle each other. Sometimes the camels do not want to fight, and they run through the crowds, which can be dangerous.
