Variant 2
Read passage 1 and do the following tasks.    

Transforming students’ motivation to learn
1. Psychology professor Carol Dweck says this is an exciting time for our brains because these days there is an increasing amount of research into intelligence. Her own studies on the way our brains work have important implications for students’ attitudes.
2. According to Dweck, what students believe about their brains affects their motivation, and this in turn, influences their academic achievement. Some students think that intelligence is something that’s fixed and permanent. Others, however, see it as something that can grow and change. These different beliefs create different attitudes. On the one hand, you might be afraid of challenges and devastated by setbacks, while on the other, you relish challenges and are resilient in the face of setbacks. 
3. If people believe that intelligence is fixed, they think that they possess only a certain amount of it. Dweck calls this belief a fixed mindset. She has shown that a fixed mindset makes challenges threatening for people because they believe that their fixed ability may not be up to the task they are trying to accomplish. Furthermore, it makes errors and failures demoralizing, because people with this mindset believe that the mistakes they make indicate a low level of intelligence. 
4. There is another, more positive attitude, which is to regard intelligence as something that can be cultivated through effort and education. Dweck calls this a growth mindset. Naturally, everyone has different abilities, and not everyone can be as smart as Einstein, but everyone can improve their abilities. And, as Dweck points out, Einstein didn’t become Einstein until he put in years of focused hard work. As a result, confronting challenges, profiting from mistakes, and persevering in the face of setbacks help people to become smarter. 
5. Dweck’s words show that if students believe that intelligence can improve, they begin to love learning. A growth mindset makes students believe in the power of hard work. We all face setbacks in our lives, but it is preferable to react to them in a constructive, determined way.
