Read passage 1 and do the following tasks. 

The Story of Google
Goals then and now
Google is a huge technology company. It specializes in online advertising and searching, as well as other Internet-related products. Google was started by Larry Page and Sergey Brin. They met at Stanford University in 1995. Their goal was to organize all of the information on the Web. Today, their company employs more than 40,000 people around the world. The two partners created a company that made searching the Internet easy. Now they focus on three main areas. They make sure their search engine is fast and smart so that people can find information easily. They develop products that let people work on different devices and in different places. They help new businesses advertise and find new customers.
The Growth of Google
Google grew very quickly. Page and Brin registered the domain name Google.com in 1997. In 1998, they set up a small office in a garage and hired their first employee, Craig Silverstein. They ran their business in the garage until they could move to a larger space. In the busy years that followed, Google expanded its services. In 2000, people could do Internet searches in 15 languages, including Dutch, Chinese, and Korean. Today, people can search in more than 150 languages. Goole introduced a map service in 2005 called Google Maps. The same year, it came out with a program called Google Earth. This program allowed users to see close-up pictures of cities and neighborhoods when they typed in an address. In 2006, the name “Google” became a verb in English dictionaries. This shows the company’s influence on modern life.
Ideas and Creativity
Today, Google is a creative workplace where employees share ideas with each other. Page and Brin are available during the week to talk with their employees and answer questions. This open environment has resulted in many new ideas. In 2011, the company released a program called Google Art Project that helped people explore the world’s top museums from their computer. As of 2018, Google was continuing its work on a self-driving car. In the future, this car could help people who can’t see well to drive. The company extends its services to the community, too. In 2008, it started a yearly art contest for students. Every year, the winner’s artwork appears on its homepage for one day. Google believes that creativity is important, both in the workplace and in the community. In addition to producing famous Internet products. Google gives people opportunities to be creative, which leads to success.
