Read passage 2 and do the following tasks. 

Is There Life Beyond Earth?
1. People have always wondered if there is life on other planets. This question has fascinated scientists, writers, and ordinary people for hundreds of years. Some people believe that life might exist somewhere in the universe because there are billions of stars and planets, many of which could have conditions similar to Earth. Others think that Earth is the only planet with living things, and that life is unique to our planet. The question is important because it helps us understand more about the universe and our place in it.
2. Astronomers have discovered thousands of planets outside our solar system. These planets are called exoplanets. Some exoplanets are similar in size and temperature to Earth, which makes scientists curious about their ability to support life. They study these planets to see if they could have water, because water is a key ingredient for life. Discovering many Earth-like planets has increased hope that life might exist somewhere else in the universe, even if we cannot see it yet.
3. Scientists look for signs of life by studying the planets’ atmospheres and surfaces. They search for water, oxygen, or other gases that living things produce. Space telescopes, satellites, and special instruments help scientists study planets that are very far away. Although no clear signs of life have been found so far, some discoveries are exciting. These findings suggest that life might be possible on some of these distant planets, even if it is very different from life on Earth.
4. Finding life on other planets is not easy. The planets are extremely far away, and current technology cannot bring samples back to Earth. Sending robots, spacecraft, or probes is expensive and takes many years. Even if we find planets that look like Earth, we cannot be sure that life exists there without more evidence. Scientists must be patient and careful in their research to avoid mistakes and false conclusions.
5. The question of whether life exists on other planets is still unanswered. Scientists continue to explore space and develop new technology to search for signs of life. Even if life exists elsewhere, it could be very different from life on Earth. The search for life in the universe is very important because it helps us learn about the origins of life, the possibilities for the future, and how unique our planet really is.
