Robots improve health care, helping doctors, nurses, and patients

1. The term &quot;robot&quot; was first used in the 1920s, and today there are millions of robots in use
throughout the world, according to the International Federation of Robotics. In the health
industry, robots are being used more each day.
2. Increasingly, surgeons use robots for remote surgery, also called telesurgery. In other words,
they operate on patients without having to be in the same physical location: in fact, they may be
far away. Although it might seem scary to have a robot performing an operation on you, robotic
surgery has many benefits. Robots do not get distracted or become bored by repetitive tasks. In
addition, they are much more precise. Consequently, a patient may feel less pain during an
operation and recover more quickly.
3. Medical students also use robots to learn about the human body. They practice on human
simulators, mannequins equipped with the latest technology. These pieces of equipment not only
resemble real people, but they also act like them. They can cry, sweat, produce saliva, and open
and close their eyes. They can make breathing and heartbeat sounds, and they can bleed and
respond to drugs. There are many varieties of these mannequins: male and female versions,
teenage versions, and even pregnant and baby versions. Because they are so lifelike, these
robotic patients can prepare future doctors for the real-life scenarios they might face in their
careers. They can &quot;suffer&quot; from almost any emergency situation possible, like a heart attack or
epileptic seizure. This exposure to realistic &quot;emergencies&quot; may help prevent medical errors,
which unfortunately are all too common.
4. Robots can help nurses, too. A common problem in hospitals is that nurses constantly have to
move people from one bed to another, pick them up, or put them into a wheelchair. Robots are
strong, so they can help with tiring tasks like these. Because they do not get tired, they can help
prevent injury, and in addition, they never get angry, bored, or frustrated.
5. Finally, robots can also improve life for people who have lost mobility. Robotic pants allow
paralyzed patients to move around independently instead of being confined to a wheelchair. The
pants have advantages that are not only physical. One patient commented: &#39;&#39;I never dreamed I
would walk again. I forgot what it&#39;s like.&quot; He continued: &quot;I have a 3-year-old daughter. The first
time she saw me walking, she was silent for the first few minutes and then she said: &#39;Daddy, you
are tall.&#39; It made me feel so good, like I was soaring.&quot;